```
TIP: 4
Name: Roadmap
Type: Informational
Status: raw
Editor: Alberto Granzotto @vrde
```

# Roadmap

## 1 Abstract

<!-- The abstract is a short (~200 word) informal description of the technical
issue being addressed.-->

The document describes an iterative approach for the implementation of the tools for Teledisko DAO. Each iteration is called **stage**. Each **stage** has a clear deliverable, and takes us a step closer to the ideal world (see [TIP-1](../1)).

## 2 Motivation

Teledisko is a combination of **rules** and **tools**.

**Rules** govern the functioning of the organization. They are agreements between Teledisko shareholders, they usually have written form and regulate collaboration, shares allocation, decision making (voting), and so on.

**Tools** are applications, web platforms, and other software used to communicate, manage resources and assets, track time and activities, and so on.

Teledisko DAO is an attempt to formalize the rules into code so they are unambiguous, transparent, fair, and enforceable without relying on a third party. (For all details about vision, values, and rules, refer to [DAO Wuschwelt](./tips/1), by Benjamin Uphues.)

This roadmap describes the steps to move from the hyperuranion to the real world. Each step is described as a **stage**. Each **stage** outputs a concrete deliverable in the form of software. The idea is to have an incremental approach so we can keep the DAO project on track with our needs. Moreover, by keeping the *delta* small, we should have short times between one delivery and the other.

## 3 Specification

### Stage 0: Genesis

Bootstrap of the project.

A bunch of documents to describe the project and experiments to better understand where we are heading.

### Stage 1: Authentication

Implementation of [TIP-2: Public Key authentication Protocol](../2).

- Changes to the Odoo interface to support Ethereum addresses.
- A dApp hosted under https://dao.teledisko.com that allows contributors to authenticate with MetaMask.

### Stage 2: Time tracking

The dApp (hosted under https://dao.teledisko.com) allows contributors to see all their tasks. Contributors can do time tracking on specific tasks by clicking on the start/stop button. Each time they track time, a new "duration" is created and attached to the task (See [TIP-3: API access to Odoo models](../3)).

Creating new durations is also reflected in the Odoo UI.

Creating new tasks is still handled in Odoo, and will be later moved to the dApp.

### Stage 3: Token allocation statement

After a task is finished, it must be approved by the **Controller**. By approving the task, all durations are added to the **Timesheet** Odoo application, that represents the *payment pipeline*.

At this point, a weekly/monthly process scans for **timesheets** that need to be paid, and generates token allocation statements. In terms of *value*, 1 token is equal to 1 euro. A token allocation statement can be used by a contributor to prepare their invoice and decided how many tokens will be converted in euro, and how many will be added to the holdings of the contributor.

Let's take a contributor that works on Tier 3 (see [TIP-1](../1)). In one month they work for 100 hours. The *tokens allocation statement* for the contributor is `100 * 50 = 5000`. At this point the contributor can invoice Teledisko GmbH for 3000€, and update the temporary spreadsheet with token allocations adding 2000 Teledisko Tokens.

The *token allocation statement* is generated by an **oracle**, and it's a fundamental piece of the architecture that will later be programmed to update token allocation in the Ethereum blockchain.

### Stage 4: Tokens and vesting

- Modeling of the custom ERC-20 contract for the Teledisko Token (TT).
- Plug TT to Aragon.
- Display TT in the dApp.
- Align tokens already tracked in the spreadsheet to the TT contract.
- Update the Oracle to map the value tracked with time tracking to TT.

### Stage 5: Voting

- Allow Contributors to vote using their TT.

### Stage 6: Dividends

- Manage Dividends based on tokens.

### Stage 7: Secondary Market

- Allow contributors to sell TT to the secondary market.

## 4 Rationale

<!-- The rationale fleshes out the specification by describing what motivated
the design and why particular design decisions were made. It should describe
alternate designs that were considered and related work, e.g. how the feature
is supported in other languages. The rationale may also provide evidence of
consensus within the community, and should discuss important objections or
concerns raised during discussion.-->

*To Be Done*

## 5 Implementation

<!--The implementations must be completed before any TIP is given status
"stable", but it need not be completed before the TIP is accepted. While there
is merit to the approach of reaching consensus on the TIP and rationale before
writing code, the principle of "rough consensus and running code" is still
useful when it comes to resolving many discussions of API details.-->

*To Be Done*

## 6 Copyright

<!--All TIPs MUST be released to the public domain.-->

Copyright and related rights waived via
[CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
